Update editor_blocks.md (#9986)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/drag_and_drop/editor_blocks.md

| Custom Code | Inserts and runs custom HTML, CSS, or JavaScript for advanced customization.  |
| Phone Capture | Inserts a form field for phone numbers. When submitted, the user is subscribed to the SMS or WhatsApp subscription group. |
| Email Capture | Inserts a form field for email addresses. When submitted, the email address is added to that user's profile in Braze. |

> | Dropdown      | Users can select an item from a pre-defined list. You can add any custom attribute strings to the list. |
> | Checkbox      | If a user checks the box, the block's attribute is set to `true`. If left unchecked, it's attribute is set to `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dropdown      | Inserts a dropdown with a pre-defined list of items from which users can select one. You can add any custom attribute strings to the list. |
| Checkbox      | Inserts a checkbox. If the user checks the box, the block's attribute is set to `true`. If left unchecked, its attribute is set to `false`. |
```
